docs/data.md, before:

# Dataset

### Wine Type Dataset

### Wine Quality Dataset
The [dataset](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/static/public/186/wine+quality.zip) we use is from [UCI Machine Learning Wine Quality Repository](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/186/wine+quality) which are the result of a physicochemical analysis of wines grown in Portugal related to red and white variants of Portuguese "Vinho Verde" wine. 

The physicochemical analysis determines is conducted and wine expert determine the quality of the wine. 

The attributes from the physicochemical analysis tests : 

the attributes in the data are: 
1) Fixed Acidity
2) Volatile Acidity
3) Citric Acid
4) Residual Sugar  
5) Chlorides
6) Free Sulfur Dioxide
7) Total Sulfur Dioxide
8) Density
9) pH
10) Sulphates
11) Alcohol

The expert valued sensory data score
12) Quality Score (between 0 and 10)


The Machine Learning Objective of the problem is  to create a prediction model that will utilize data gathered from the results of a chemical analysis of wines grown in the Nothern Part of Portugal and predict the quality class of the wine.

### Wine Recommendation Dataset

https://www.mdpi.com/2504-2289/7/1/20

https://github.com/rogerioxavier/X-Wines/tree/main/Dataset

https://github.com/rogerioxavier/X-Wines

Commit message:

fupdate motivation for wine origin classification

docs/data.md, after:

# Dataset

## Wine Origin Dataset

Wine origin data set is

These data are the results of a chemical analysis of wines grown in the same region in Italy but derived from three different cultivars. The analysis determined the quantities of 13 constituents found in each of the three types of wines.

1) Alcohol
2) Malic acid
3) Ash
4) Alcalinity of ash  
5) Magnesium
6) Total phenols
7) Flavanoids
8) Nonflavanoid phenols
9) Proanthocyanins
10)Color intensity
11)Hue
12)OD280/OD315 of diluted wines
13)Proline

In a classification context, this is a well posed problem with "well behaved" class structures. A good data set for first testing of a new classifier, but not very challenging.

@misc{misc_wine_109,
  author       = {Aeberhard,Stefan and Forina,M.},
  title        = {{Wine}},
  year         = {1991},
  howpublished = {UCI Machine Learning Repository},
  note         = {{DOI}: https://doi.org/10.24432/C5PC7J}
}
### Wine Quality Dataset
The [dataset](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/static/public/186/wine+quality.zip) we use is from [UCI Machine Learning Wine Quality Repository](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/186/wine+quality) which are the result of a physicochemical analysis of wines grown in Portugal related to red and white variants of Portuguese "Vinho Verde" wine. 

The physicochemical analysis determines is conducted and wine expert determine the quality of the wine. 

The attributes from the physicochemical analysis tests : 

the attributes in the data are: 
1) Fixed Acidity
2) Volatile Acidity
3) Citric Acid
4) Residual Sugar  
5) Chlorides
6) Free Sulfur Dioxide
7) Total Sulfur Dioxide
8) Density
9) pH
10) Sulphates
11) Alcohol

The expert valued sensory data score
12) Quality Score (between 0 and 10)


The Machine Learning Objective of the problem is  to create a prediction model that will utilize data gathered from the results of a chemical analysis of wines grown in the Nothern Part of Portugal and predict the quality class of the wine.

### Wine Recommendation Dataset

https://www.mdpi.com/2504-2289/7/1/20

https://github.com/rogerioxavier/X-Wines/tree/main/Dataset

https://github.com/rogerioxavier/X-Wines
